[TASK] Revise "Dependency injection configuration" section (#2453)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/DependencyInjection/Index.rst

Extensions have to configure their classes to make use of the
dependency injection. This can be done in :file:`Configuration/Services.yaml`.
Alternatively, :file:`Configuration/Services.php` can also be used.
A basic :file:`Services.yaml` file of an extension looks like the following.

..  note::
    Whenever the service configuration or class dependencies change, the Core

>     cache must be flushed in the Install Tool or via the :ref:`CLI <cli-mode>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    cache must be flushed in the :guilabel:`Admin Tools` or via the :ref:`CLI <cli-mode>`
```

    command `cache:flush` to rebuild the compiled Symfony container. Flushing

>     all caches from the "Clear cache" menu does not flush the compiled Symfony

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    all caches from the :guilabel:`Clear cache` menu does not flush the compiled Symfony
```

Author: Yes thought also about it. But there is no menu labeled "Clear cache" just the flash icon, so guilabel is IMHO not right.

Reviewer: But the icon has the title and therefore does have the name?

    services:
      _defaults:
        autowire: true
        autoconfigure: true
        public: false

      Vendor\MyExtension\:
        resource: '../Classes/*'
        exclude: '../Classes/Domain/Model/*'

autowire
    :yaml:`autowire: true` instructs the dependency injection component to
    calculate the required dependencies from type declarations. This works for
    constructor injection and :php:`inject*()` methods. The calculation
    generates a service initialization code which is cached in the TYPO3 Core
    cache.

    ..  attention::
        An extension does not have to use autowiring, but can wire
        dependencies manually in the service configuration file.

autoconfigure
    It is suggested to enable :yaml:`autoconfigure: true` as this
    automatically adds Symfony service tags based on implemented interfaces or
    base classes. For example, autoconfiguration ensures that classes
    implementing :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\SingletonInterface` are publicly
    available from the Symfony container and marked as shared
    (:yaml:`shared: true`).

Model exclusion
    The path exclusion :yaml:`exclude: '../Classes/Domain/Model/*'` excludes

>     your models from the DI container, which means you cannot inject them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    your models from the dependency injection container, which means you cannot inject them
```

What to make public
-------------------

Instances of :php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Core\SingletonInterface` and Extbase controllers
are automatically marked as public. Some further classes must be marked as
public, too. As the Symfony documentation "Public and private services" puts
it:

    Simply said: A service can be marked as private if you do not want to access
    it directly from your code.

    -- `Symfony documentation`_

..  _Symfony documentation: https://symfony.com/doc/current/service_container/alias_private.html

Direct access includes instantiation via :php:`GeneralUtility::makeInstance()`
with constructor arguments.

This means every class that is directly retrieved using
:php:`GeneralUtility::makeInstance()` *and* requires dependency injection

> *must* be marked as public. Any other class which requires dependency injection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**must** be marked as public. Any other class which requires dependency injection
```
I would make this bold
